README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Update README.md to provide a project overview, installation instructions, environment variable setup, and licensing information for MyDiary application

README.md, after:

# MyDiary

A personal diary/journal application built for fun and learning.

## ⚠️ Project Status

This is a personal project created for fun and experimentation. While I'll try to keep it functional, it may not be actively maintained or updated regularly. Feel free to use it as inspiration or fork it for your own purposes!

## Overview

MyDiary is a simple diary application that allows you to write and manage your personal entries. It was built as a fun side project to explore different technologies and coding patterns.

## Getting Started

```bash
# Install dependencies
bun install

# Run the development server
bun dev
```

## Environment Variables

Create a `.env` file in the root directory with the following variables:

```env
BETTER_AUTH_SECRET=your_auth_secret_here
BETTER_AUTH_URL=http://localhost:3000
TURSO_DATABASE_URL=libsql://your-database-url.turso.io
TURSO_AUTH_TOKEN=your_turso_auth_token
NEXT_PUBLIC_APP_URL=http://localhost:3000
```

Note: Never commit your actual `.env` file to version control. The above are just example values.

## License

This project is open source and available under the MIT License.

## Disclaimer

This project was created primarily for personal use and learning. It may contain bugs or incomplete features. Use at your own discretion!
